feat(esl-media): add ability to provide video initial position (start time) (#2417)
exadel-inc/esl: src/modules/esl-media/README.md

    Independent of the lazy state, use `ready-class` if you are interested in the final state of component.
 - `load-condition-class-target` (optional) - [ESLTraversingQuery](../esl-traversing-query/README.md) to define a target for `load-condition-class`

 - `start-time` - attribute that allows a user to start viewing a video from a specific time offset. The value is simple time in seconds. By default, it is undefined which means to start from the beginning.

> *(note: that feature doesn't work for Abstract Iframe provider, also doesn't works for HTMLAudio and HTMLVideo providers in case when Web-server when hosted resource doesn't supports ['Accept-Ranges' HTTP response marker](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Accept-Ranges))*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*(note: that feature doesn't work for Abstract Iframe provider, also doesn't work for HTMLAudio and HTMLVideo providers in case when Web-server when hosted resource doesn't support ['Accept-Ranges' HTTP response marker](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Accept-Ranges))*
```
